Processing tweet 0, elapsed time: 7.152557373046875e-06
She's nominated for a gong tonight, but is Anne Hathaway's Chanel couture dress award-worthy? Goldenglobes 
Pierce Fc and I have made our predictions and a bet for the Goldenglobes, I think I'm gonna win :)
Goldenglobes Helenhunt and Johnhawkes nominated for Film Thesessions so blessed to be Helen's stand in on this film!
Devils For Life award season. Golden globes. But she didnt get nominated for an oscar
Watching the Golden Globes Awards!! Waiting for the day when I will be nominated for a Golden Globe!
Kathryn Bigelow has "I'm not nominated for an Oscar" written all over her face. Golden Globes She is sitting next to a drunken drag queen
Strange to see Leonardo DiCaprio smile as they announce he is nominated for being a "brutal slave owner".
Golden Globes is Big Ang nominated for anything? or her big inflated boobs or face
I'm mad Leo wasn't nominated for an Oscar and i haven't even seen Django yet
LEO SHOULD HAVE WON!!!
LEO WAS ROBBED. ROBBED.
Rhps Houston Tx Why were we not nominated for the Golden Globes?
And now, I will get drunk and live-Tweet the Golden Globes minus any annoying live Tweets of the Golden Globes.
Cuddled in blankets and watching the Golden Globes. A week ago I wrote down my choices for who I think will win, I'll let you know how I do!
Processing tweet 10000, elapsed time: 0.19434833526611328
Golden Globes Wow. Christoph Waltz. Good choice. Whenever he talks I think he's doing one of his characters. Forget that's just him.
What?? Liz&Dick wasn't nominated for TV movie?? You've GOT to be kidding me.
HOW WAS LIZ AND DICK NOT NOMINATED FOR BEST TV MOVIE?!
Ali Prince Naqvi wish the league was nominated for
Love Sara Paulson! Wish she'd been nominated for
How is Game Change still getting nominated for stuff? Feel like it came out years ago.
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
JESSICA LANGE YOU LOVELY WOMAN I HOPE YOU WIN
I'd forgotten Sienna Miller was nominated for The Girl, I thought it was just Toby Jones.
"Dog President" was ROBBED!
Yep, still on the GAME CHANGE train. If it could be nominated for Oscars, it would be.
LES MIS SHOULD WIN ALL THE AWARDS
Darcy St. Fudge was ROBBED!!! Golden Globes 
Where's Julia Roberts? And why wasn't she nominated for everything?
DARCY ST. FUDGE WAS ROBBED
Catherine Zeta Jones is at the Golden Globes this year because she's nominated for Best T-Mobile Commercial in 2005.
Is Honey Boo Boo nominated for anything?
i think i died when the les mis trailer was played i really hope it wins
really upset that The Dark Knight Rises wasn't nominated for any Golden Globes
Kerrrihaag You mean it didn't get nominated for any Golden Globes!? :) I just sent you a DM.
Trying to understand why Scandal is not nominated for anything at the Golden Globes.
Golden Globes: Anne Hathaway's Fresh-Faced Beauty: Nominated for best supporting actress for her role in Les Mi... 
Wondering why Parenthood wasn't nominated for many well deserved golden globes!
The Golden Globes are garbage. How was Game of Thrones not nominated for anything??
i hope the best exotic marigold hotel wins! it was a great and funny movie.
The British Hope Springs is nominated for Best Picture?
NO WHAT DANIEL LEWIS "STAY OUT OF MY TERRITORY" BRYAN SHOULD HAVE WON THAT
JON HAMM WAS ROBBED
Best Actor TV Series, Drama: Damian Lewis HOMELAND This is the 1st win and 3rd nomination - prev nominated for Band of Bros
BRYAN CRANSTON WAS ROBBED!
DON DRAPER WAS ROBBED!!!
"Why is Taylor Swift at the golden globes?!" Maybe because she's nominated for an award.
Jessica Lange was ROBBED!! She kills it every week on Ahsfx Goldenglobes 
breaking bad was robbed im mad
What was the reason Scandal wasn't nominated for
Gross gross gross how was The Newsroom nominated for anything that show is the worst
There are like 12 year olds being nominated for Golden Globes and I can barely leave the house without crying.
Watching the golden globes wishing I was nominated for one
Keeping my eyes glued to the tv to spot all the new fashions and makeup trends at the Golden Globes. Who do you think will win big?
Walking Dead needs to be nominated for an award damnit! Great damn show!
Why isn't The Walking Dead, Game Of Thrones or even Spartacus nominated for golden globes!? fucking political bullshit!
Golden Globes dropped ball. Lewis over Hamm? Best show on TV not nominated for best drama series Madmen. Turning channel now.
Processing tweet 20000, elapsed time: 0.5752177238464355
Catherine Zeta Jones is at the Golden Globes this year because she's nominated for Best T-Mobile Commercial in 2005. Goldenglobes"
Breaking bad was nominated for best tv show drama at the golden globes but didn't win...
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
Jonmhein How is The Walking Dead not nominated for anything at the Goldenglobes?? Is it just that the horror genre gets screwed?
"why is Taylor swift at the golden globes? Ew." How about because she's nominated for an award and you're not.
Homeland is a great show but Breaking Bad is a hell of a lot better and continues to get robbed.
Oh look John Williams is nominated for something again...
How is it that Joseph Gordon-Levitt wasn't nominated for being in EVERY SINGLE MOVIE THIS YEAR!
Why isn't my mother nominated for best actress in a drama series?
Really wish Mumford And Sons was nominated for Best Original Song like they were supposed to! Haha!
[E1002] Span index out of range.
Les Mis deserves every win they are nominated for
Taylor Swift just lost an award she was nominated for... she doesn't know what to do with herself.
<<<----- I hope she wins tonight!!!! ( hopefully twitter finally uploaded the pic lawd
How was Beasts of the Southern Wild not even nominated for best score?
Wait! Looper isn't nominated for anything? Goodnight
HOW DARE SOMEONE REFER SELENA AS JUSTIN BIEBER'S EX-GIRLFRIEND! SHE'S NOMINATED FOR 2 GOLDEN GLOBES!
watching the Goldenglobes and can't believe I wasn't nominated for anything. Sadpug Pugaday 
RT Sarah K Silverman Darcy St Fudge was ROBBED
Damian Fransisco also nominated for Dog President.
Damien Fransisco was ROBBED!
Racheldodes she was robbed!
Wasn't even nominated for "best other guy" for any of the projects I worked on.. Goldenglobes bastards
SHERLOCK WAS ROBBED. Down With Costner Cumberbatch Comeback?
Processing tweet 30000, elapsed time: 0.8252744674682617
Welp, I guess Lincoln is gonna win
LMAO- Marlow Nyc Tina Fey(as Damian Fransisco) nominated for 'Dog President' in Best Actor, Miniseries/TV Golden Globes 
Benedict was nominated for the Golden Globes, that's fucking awesome in the first place! Next year, next year!
Question of the day: Why isn't The Dark Knight rises nominated for any Golden Globes???
Meryl Streep could star in a porno and get nominated for it
Ugh I wish I could watch Silver Linings Playbook win in the categories they were nominated for!
Kanye was just ahead of his time... I wish Taylor swift would get punked every time the camera pans to her.
So did Real Housewives of Atlanta get nominated for any Golden Globes? That's where the real drama is.
MAX WAS ROBBED
MANDY PATINKIN WAS ROBBED!
Guys, a Tarantino film is nominated for a Best Picture Golden Globe. I'm gonna let this sink in a bit.
Just wondering how Adamdevine didn't get nominated for a
Amy Adams wasn't nominated for Trouble with The Curve?! What the fuck is the master?!?!
This is the closest Jonah Hill will get to Megan Fox. Ever.
What???? Why does everyone think that movie Game Change was that good? Ed Harris was barely in it. Saul was ROBBED.
Anne Hathaway deserved that award more than anyone else nominated for anything tonight.
Did Pitbull get nominated for anything?
Before "Les Miz", Hathaway hasn't been nominated for an Oscar since Rachel Getting Married? Huh. Didn't realize.
Processing tweet 40000, elapsed time: 1.0272676944732666
Soo did I miss something? Was Kerry Washington at least nominated for anything?? Django? Scandal?
Django Unchained being nominated for 5 Golden Globes >>>
Everyone quit hating on Taylor..... I mean, we're YOU nominated for a Golden Globes? Yea, I didn't think so either
I'm assuming we will get to see the Golden Globes tonight on Aussie TV which will be pointless because I'll know who all the winners are
Golden Globes Best Screenplay - Will win: Django Unchained, Wildcard: Argo
Why hasn't gangster squad been nominated for anything?
When Daniel Day Lewis is nominated for an award, does any other actor have a chance?
Tommy Lee Jones has just been nominated for best dramatic role during comedy at a musical or awards show.
So I guess Lucy and Debra both have proms to go to after this...?
Golden Globes Best Actor TV Series Comedy: Don Cheadle LOUIE WAS ROBBED
Louisck Got ROBBED!!!!
Hey, Louisck please use this as an opportunity to write a hilarious episode that will next year get nominated for a
Honestly, why wasn't Parenthood nominated for any Golden Globes? I'm pretty sure Monica Potter has made me cry during every episode.
 via Usatoday nominated for a movie award: "A Thousand Years" (Christina Perri). Love this song. :)
The Newsroom was nominated for Best Drama, and Mad Men wasn't. Adjust your rage meter accordingly.
Lea Michelle presenting an award she will never be nominated for
Tami Taylor WAS ROBBED. AGAIN. She has better hair than all these women.
CONNIE BRITTON SHOULD HAVE WON.
Homeland sweeps everything they got nominated for tonight. Perhaps I'll try to watch this show
Glenn Close was ROBBED!
Wondering why we didn't get nominated for "Sloth Meltdown."
The fact that one of my old acting coaches was in Lincoln & that its nominated for academy awards & golden globes, makes me so excited!
AMY POEHLER WILL WIN AND EVERYONE WILL BE HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!
Any show that has Morena Baccharin naked as often as Homeland needs to sweep every category they're nominated for.
Apparently this HomeLand show is like awesome, it has to be; it's won like every award someone from it was nominated for
Someone explain 2 me how Sho Shameless was not nominated for any Golden Globes? Especially Emmy Rossum & William H. Macy? Show is AWESOME!
Wow, Para Norman wasn't nominated for the Goldenglobes? I rage.
Processing tweet 50000, elapsed time: 1.3629283905029297
i was surprised paranorman wasnt nominated for the golden globes though
Why don't they just give Homeland every award it's nominated for and speed this show up?
I'm not watching the Golden Globes this year because Expendables 2 wasn't nominated for "Best Group of Bad Asses in a Motion Picture"
Yeah why didn't Richard Parker get nominated for anything tonight?
BOOOOO AMY POEHLER WAS ROBBED.
So, I guess Lena Dunham's win means I finally need to sit down and watch season 1 of Girls?
Love Lena but AMY WAS ROBBED AGAIN
Naomi Watts excited to be nominated for The Impossible. Husband Liev Schreiber glad NHL is back! Golden Globes 
EXCUSE YOU GOLDEN GLOBES BUT WRECK IT RALPH SHOULD HAVE WON FOR BEST ANIMATED FEATURE. I SHALL HAVE YOUR HEAD, JUDGES.
Jon Hamm looks upset he want nominated for Jodi Foster's lifetime achievement award.
How the hell was the newsroom nominated for anything?
In other news, Eddie Redmayne somehow not nominated for his role as one of the salmon in Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Fun fact: Meryl Streep has been Nominated at the Oscars 17 Times. Won 3. Nominated for Golden Globes 23 times. Won 8. Most noms for both.
Jodie Foster's speech just got nominated for best Mini-series for next year's awards...
Processing tweet 60000, elapsed time: 1.5898187160491943
Ang Lee also nominated for Algebra teacher of the year
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME AND BEN AFFLECK WASN'T EVEN NOMINATED FOR AN OSCAR I'M DONE ACADEMY YOU FUCKING IDIOTS I'M DONE
[E1002] Span index out of range.
Wow Ben Affleck! Not even nominated for the Oscar. Very surprised.
Too bad Ben Affleck didn't get nominated for Best Director at the Academy Awards but congratz for the
Best Director: Ben Affleck!! Goldenglobes good for you! this fix a little bit he not being nominated for an Academy Awards
Ben Affleck was NOT nominated for an Oscar, incredible.
Ben beats Spielberg and Ang! Bittersweet that he didn't even get nominated for an Oscar, but nice consolation prize.
Ugh, it is such BS that Ben Affleck didn't get nominated for an Oscar. MFer!
The fact that The Big Bang Theory is nominated for anything makes me question this entire awards show.
WHAT?!?!?!?! BIG BANG THEORY SHOULD HAVE WON!!! Stupid HBO shows. I hate you.
Still Kind of Dissapointed that "Cougar Town" wasn't Nominated for that.
Why is anything and anyone related to The Big Bang Theory being nominated for Golden Globes?
The fact that Ben Affleck was not nominated for best director for the Oscars is a travesty.
In between the last promo for Smash and Smash being nominated for Best Comedy, I forgot that Smash was a tv show.
The fact that he is not nominated for an Oscar is a inexcusable. Affleck is truly amazing.
Golden Globes Best Director winner Not even nominated for an Oscar. Sounds about right.
Community wasn't nominated for a Golden Globe in comedy television show therefore the Golden Globes mean nothing to me.
Why wasn't Magic Mike Nominated for BEST MOVIE?
Why isn't Glee nominated for the
RT Danielle Smith Tv AND BEN AFFLECK isn't even NOMINATED for an OSCAR
What?! Jack black was nominated for Bernie!? I was in that movie!!
I'm calling it right now: BRADLEY COOPER WAS ROBBED.
Once again, can someone tell me why Ben Affleck wasn't nominated for the Oscars
Oscars failed Ba Hjournalist Best Director > Ben Affleck "Argo" Anyone still confused as to why he wasn't nominated for Oscar?
Bill Murray is nominated for playing FDR and showed up with Chester A. Arthur's beard -- Classic Murray!
Whoa whoa I'm still behind. Smash was nominated for something? Seriously? Not as a joke?
Total crime Jack Black wasn't nominated for an Oscar.
"dang im surprised harry styles didnt get nominated for his breakout role on icarly". HAHAHAAHHA
All these movie that i wanted to see that are nominated for golden globes
I'm pretty sure les miserables is nominated for EVERYTHING
I've never seen any of the shows nominated for best comedy
[E1002] Span index out of range.
Personally, I think it is OKAY to forget people
seeing as Silver Linings Playbook has been nominated for like 8 different Golden Globes, definitely finding a way to watch it online tonight
Was Samantha Barks not nominated for anything?
Processing tweet 70000, elapsed time: 1.9354004859924316
This Golden Globes makes me feel like 2012 was a crap year for movies... Why wasn't Anna Karenina nominated for more awards?
Chastain was good, but Cotillard was stunning, and she's gonna get robbed all season long.
Big steps forward for Hollywood. FIVE women nominated for Best Actress - Musical or Comedy.
Behind the glitz and glamour of the films and TV shows nominated for Golden Globes are incredible teams of... 
I'm also upset that "The Dark Night Rises" didn't get nominated for a Golden Globes. Pittsburgh gets screwed again.
Denzel Washington was nominated for FLIGHT, written by Arlington/Vassar grad John Gatins.
Anybody know how often the Golden Globes Best Director isn't even nominated for an Oscar? I wanna know those stats...
Skyfall. Yes. Should have been nominated for best picture. The Brits (even the AngloIrish) understand this.
Lincoln was boring. Should have gone to my man John Hawkes.
Goldenglobes is trash, how Santa Clause not nominated for ANYTHING? did more films and tv shows this year than all these clowns
Jack Reacher was ROBBED... before shooting. It had nothing to do with it being terrible.
It makes me so happy when movies like Django Unchained get nominated for Best Picture
So why is P diddy at the golden globes? Did he get nominated for his ciroc commercial?
Not to shabby Golden Globes! I think all winners were well deserving of their wins tonight!
Everyone's acting so paternalistic toward Ben Affleck after not being nominated for oscar. Gag me with a Q-tip.
Watched the Golden Globes tonight. Congrats to Ben Affleck, just wished he was nominated for an Oscar though.
The End. Roll credits. The Golden Globes are nominated for an Emmy for best variety show.
Big wins for Argo and Ben Affleck tonight at the Golden Globes! Still in shock he's not nominated for Directing at the
So help me to understand, was Jamie & Kerry not nominated for anything?? Smh
If Ncis Cbs or Mark Harmon isn't nominated for an awards show, then I won't watch it.
How many Golden Globes was Twilight 4.2 Breaking Dawn nominated for? Must've missed those categories...
What I want to know is why horror movies are never nominated for anything!!!!
Aw I hope I reach a point in my life where I get invited to the golden globes. Or Emmy awards. Or sag awards. Atleast once lol
The only way I will get my students to stop talking about the Golden Globes will be to discuss it with them in class
How was Dog With A Blog not nominated for a
Clooney says he's disappointed Affleck didn't get nominated for a directing Oscar
Bradley Cooper & 'Silver Linings Playbook'.....you was robbed!!!!!
Ben Affleck Congratulations Mr. Affleck for Best Director in a motion picture drama! I hope this win makes up for the Oscar.
Ugh I wish I could watch the golden globes instead of studying. But congrats to LES MISERABLES for the big win!! Woot! Woot!
I bet food at big events like the golden globes is so good maybe ill get famous just for that hm
Processing tweet 80000, elapsed time: 2.2596447467803955
I bet Spike Lee is mad about all of these Django Unchained wins.
I hope this Target "The Everyday Collection" campaign is short-lived.
I think we all forget that Jodie Foster had 4 really good movies.
I hope Zero Dark Thrity Wins!!!
I think all the actors thought that if they wore bowties they would win because of
[E1002] Span index out of range.
I love the Golden globes and the oscars, it's my dream more than anything to be nominated for one of these awards
I can't watch the Golden Globes :c no TV. Are the boys nominated for anything? And if so what? o:
I wish Grey's Anatomy would still be nominated for Golden Globes
I will see NONE of the movies nominated for Best Actress. NONE.
I didn't even know who was nominated for golden globes.... Shows how much I pay attention.
I wish people would just say "thanks to everyone" and then walk off the stage at the golden globes. It gets ridiculous sometimes.
I HOPE ALEC BALDWIN WINS BECAUSE I LOVE HIM AND HE'S IN SYRACUSE WITH HIS MOM RIGHT NOW.
I haven't seen any of the movies that are nominated for golden globes sigh this happens every year
I loveddd The Life Of Pi!!! Prob won't but I hope it wins!
I will NEVER be ok with the fact that Bethany Joy Lenz isn't nominated for Season 9 of Oth. Definition of flawlessness.
I still don't understand how Aziz is nominated for an NAACP award.
I didn't even think half these tv shows or movies would be nominated for the golden globes.
I haven't seen Homeland OR Golden Globes and I prefer to watch shows and the awards shows they're nominated for sequentially! Nospoilers!!
I don't get why sons of anarchy isn't nominated for any awards. They deserve some recognition.
I mean is she trying to be nominated for an Oscar for beat supporting speech on the Golden Globes?!
I still don't understand why he wasn't nominated for director for the oscars
I swear if I bet on these Golden Globes I would have won big. Well done
I wish Girls / Lena Dunham was nominated for everything so Robyn would keep playing.
I wonder if Netflix original series' can be nominated for Golden Globes and Emmys
I am kind of disgusted that Emily VanCamp (Emily Van Camp - Emily Thorne) has not been nominated for her role in
