Processing tweet 0, elapsed time: 7.152557373046875e-06
She's nominated for a gong tonight, but is Anne Hathaway's Chanel couture dress award-worthy? Goldenglobes 
Pierce Fc and I have made our predictions and a bet for the Goldenglobes, I think I'm gonna win :)
Goldenglobes Helenhunt and Johnhawkes nominated for Film Thesessions so blessed to be Helen's stand in on this film!
This seems like a good time to remind you that The Tourist was nominated for 3 Golden Globes whilst True Grit received none
Devils For Life award season. Golden globes. But she didnt get nominated for an oscar
Watching the Golden Globes Awards!! Waiting for the day when I will be nominated for a Golden Globe!
Felishe thank god I am at the gym when I saw j.lo pics at the golden globes, or else I would have got my ass here lol
Kathryn Bigelow has "I'm not nominated for an Oscar" written all over her face. Golden Globes She is sitting next to a drunken drag queen
"Ang Lee has been nominated for directing the Life of Pi. That's what I'm gonna call the 6 weeks after I get out this dress"
"Ang Lee was nominated for 'Life of Pi,' which is what I call the 6 weeks after I take this dress off." -- Amy Poehler
Strange to see Leonardo DiCaprio smile as they announce he is nominated for being a "brutal slave owner".
Golden Globes is Big Ang nominated for anything? or her big inflated boobs or face
I'm mad Leo wasn't nominated for an Oscar and i haven't even seen Django yet
LEO SHOULD HAVE WON!!!
LEO WAS ROBBED. ROBBED.
Some of my favorite words, "forceful abolitionist Congressman..." Golden Globes Team Rhetoric (Tommy Lee Jones got robbed!)
Rhps Houston Tx Why were we not nominated for the Golden Globes?
And now, I will get drunk and live-Tweet the Golden Globes minus any annoying live Tweets of the Golden Globes.
Yayyy "django unchained" my prediction is it will win most awards nominated for.
Cuddled in blankets and watching the Golden Globes. A week ago I wrote down my choices for who I think will win, I'll let you know how I do!
Processing tweet 10000, elapsed time: 0.19013404846191406
If les miz and anyone associated with it doesn't win everything it's nominated for I will shit bricks
Golden Globes Wow. Christoph Waltz. Good choice. Whenever he talks I think he's doing one of his characters. Forget that's just him.
What?? Liz&Dick wasn't nominated for TV movie?? You've GOT to be kidding me.
HOW WAS LIZ AND DICK NOT NOMINATED FOR BEST TV MOVIE?!
Ali Prince Naqvi wish the league was nominated for
Love Sara Paulson! Wish she'd been nominated for
Thrilled that Professor McGonnagall won -- that is what she was nominated for, right?
How is Game Change still getting nominated for stuff? Feel like it came out years ago.
still always laugh thinking about Danny Strong on Buffy when he wins everything Game Change is nominated for
"Ang Lee is nominated for The Life Of Pi--which is what I'm gonna call the six weeks after I take this dress off!" Amy Poehler
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
JESSICA LANGE YOU LOVELY WOMAN I HOPE YOU WIN
20 people on stage for a trophy and one guy rambles on about things that only a handful will get.
I'd forgotten Sienna Miller was nominated for The Girl, I thought it was just Toby Jones.
"Dog President" was ROBBED!
Yep, still on the GAME CHANGE train. If it could be nominated for Oscars, it would be.
Aw American Horror Story got robbed - Jessica Lange is awesome!
LES MIS SHOULD WIN ALL THE AWARDS
Darcy St. Fudge was ROBBED!!! Golden Globes 
Where's Julia Roberts? And why wasn't she nominated for everything?
DARCY ST. FUDGE WAS ROBBED
Catherine Zeta Jones is at the Golden Globes this year because she's nominated for Best T-Mobile Commercial in 2005.
If I'm ever at the Golden Globes, I promise to all of you that I will get hospital drunk and try to punchfight Daniel Day Lewis.
Is Honey Boo Boo nominated for anything?
Darcie St. Fudge was robbed, I tell ya!
i think i died when the les mis trailer was played i really hope it wins
really upset that The Dark Knight Rises wasn't nominated for any Golden Globes
Kerrrihaag You mean it didn't get nominated for any Golden Globes!? :) I just sent you a DM.
Trying to understand why Scandal is not nominated for anything at the Golden Globes.
Golden Globes: Anne Hathaway's Fresh-Faced Beauty: Nominated for best supporting actress for her role in Les Mi... 
Wondering why Parenthood wasn't nominated for many well deserved golden globes!
The Golden Globes are garbage. How was Game of Thrones not nominated for anything??
i hope the best exotic marigold hotel wins! it was a great and funny movie.
The British Hope Springs is nominated for Best Picture?
NO WHAT DANIEL LEWIS "STAY OUT OF MY TERRITORY" BRYAN SHOULD HAVE WON THAT
JON HAMM WAS ROBBED
Best Actor TV Series, Drama: Damian Lewis HOMELAND This is the 1st win and 3rd nomination - prev nominated for Band of Bros
BRYAN CRANSTON WAS ROBBED!
DON DRAPER WAS ROBBED!!!
"Why is Taylor Swift at the golden globes?!" Maybe because she's nominated for an award.
Jessica Lange was ROBBED!! She kills it every week on Ahsfx Goldenglobes 
breaking bad was robbed im mad
What was the reason Scandal wasn't nominated for
Gross gross gross how was The Newsroom nominated for anything that show is the worst
I'm only watching the Golden Globes cause I hope Modern Family will win some awards
Going out on a limb, but Breaking Bad got robbed.
I'm sure Homeland is a great show, but Breaking Bad just got robbed.
Golden Globes drinking game: drink each time Austinboth knows who will win. A fun way to be blacked out an hour into the awards!
There are like 12 year olds being nominated for Golden Globes and I can barely leave the house without crying.
Watching the golden globes wishing I was nominated for one
Keeping my eyes glued to the tv to spot all the new fashions and makeup trends at the Golden Globes. Who do you think will win big?
Walking Dead needs to be nominated for an award damnit! Great damn show!
Why isn't The Walking Dead, Game Of Thrones or even Spartacus nominated for golden globes!? fucking political bullshit!
Golden Globes dropped ball. Lewis over Hamm? Best show on TV not nominated for best drama series Madmen. Turning channel now.
Oh don't worry Homeland will win it all.. Sounds about right!
Processing tweet 20000, elapsed time: 0.5615551471710205
Catherine Zeta Jones is at the Golden Globes this year because she's nominated for Best T-Mobile Commercial in 2005. Goldenglobes"
Breaking bad was nominated for best tv show drama at the golden globes but didn't win...
Christoph Waltz Stole Leonardo DiCaprio's Globe For Best Supporting Actor!: OMG! Leonardo DiCaprio WAS ROBBED!!!... 
Jonmhein How is The Walking Dead not nominated for anything at the Goldenglobes?? Is it just that the horror genre gets screwed?
"why is Taylor swift at the golden globes? Ew." How about because she's nominated for an award and you're not.
How much do you want to bet, that Argo will win best picture?
Homeland is a great show but Breaking Bad is a hell of a lot better and continues to get robbed.
Anna Karenina was my personal fave here, but Life of Pi will win.
Haha! Watch Argo win for that Golden Globes shout-out. Related, I guess we also know why it won't win any Oscars...
This is the closest Jason Stathom will get to getting a golden globe.
Oh look John Williams is nominated for something again...
How is it that Joseph Gordon-Levitt wasn't nominated for being in EVERY SINGLE MOVIE THIS YEAR!
Why isn't my mother nominated for best actress in a drama series?
Oooh Adele vs. T-Swift. The battle of the two women who always win everything they're ever nominated for.
Really wish Mumford And Sons was nominated for Best Original Song like they were supposed to! Haha!
Too bad Adele isn't nominated for another. She would love to go back for seconds.
Les Mis deserves every win they are nominated for
Taylor Swift just lost an award she was nominated for... she doesn't know what to do with herself.
Thought Adele was going to get robbed there, glad she didn't
Would have been so cool if Act Of Valor would have won best original song
Don't worry Taylorswift13, I'm sure you will get a whole lot of more nominations for a Golden Globes!
<<<----- I hope she wins tonight!!!! ( hopefully twitter finally uploaded the pic lawd
How was Beasts of the Southern Wild not even nominated for best score?
Wait! Looper isn't nominated for anything? Goodnight
Lmao I bet Taylor Swift is really surprised that she didn't win that award
The only reason I think Sofia Vergara didn't win is because the HFPA knew she would thank Diet Pepsi
HOW DARE SOMEONE REFER SELENA AS JUSTIN BIEBER'S EX-GIRLFRIEND! SHE'S NOMINATED FOR 2 GOLDEN GLOBES!
watching the Goldenglobes and can't believe I wasn't nominated for anything. Sadpug Pugaday 
RT Sarah K Silverman Darcy St Fudge was ROBBED
CONSIDER the voters, people, before thinking Cumberbatch will win!
Goldenglobes Askglobes if Riseoftheguardians wins best Animatedfeature someone will get pissed.
Damian Fransisco also nominated for Dog President.
Damien Fransisco was ROBBED!
Benedict was ROBBED!! And he didn't even betray a country. Golden Globes (If you get that joke, yay for passing US History!)
Racheldodes she was robbed!
Wasn't even nominated for "best other guy" for any of the projects I worked on.. Goldenglobes bastards
SHERLOCK WAS ROBBED. Down With Costner Cumberbatch Comeback?
Processing tweet 30000, elapsed time: 0.808680534362793
Welp, I guess Lincoln is gonna win
LMAO- Marlow Nyc Tina Fey(as Damian Fransisco) nominated for 'Dog President' in Best Actor, Miniseries/TV Golden Globes 
Benedict was nominated for the Golden Globes, that's fucking awesome in the first place! Next year, next year!
Question of the day: Why isn't The Dark Knight rises nominated for any Golden Globes???
Meryl Streep could star in a porno and get nominated for it
The only time the eagles will win a trophy
Ugh I wish I could watch Silver Linings Playbook win in the categories they were nominated for!
Kanye was just ahead of his time... I wish Taylor swift would get punked every time the camera pans to her.
So did Real Housewives of Atlanta get nominated for any Golden Globes? That's where the real drama is.
MAX WAS ROBBED
MANDY PATINKIN WAS ROBBED!
Guys, a Tarantino film is nominated for a Best Picture Golden Globe. I'm gonna let this sink in a bit.
Just wondering how Adamdevine didn't get nominated for a
Amy Adams wasn't nominated for Trouble with The Curve?! What the fuck is the master?!?!
This is the closest Jonah Hill will get to Megan Fox. Ever.
What???? Why does everyone think that movie Game Change was that good? Ed Harris was barely in it. Saul was ROBBED.
Anne Hathaway deserved that award more than anyone else nominated for anything tonight.
You know this is an indicator of who will win the Oscar. And I am so happy about that!
Did Pitbull get nominated for anything?
Before "Les Miz", Hathaway hasn't been nominated for an Oscar since Rachel Getting Married? Huh. Didn't realize.
Processing tweet 40000, elapsed time: 1.0159945487976074
Soo did I miss something? Was Kerry Washington at least nominated for anything?? Django? Scandal?
Django Unchained being nominated for 5 Golden Globes >>>
Everyone quit hating on Taylor..... I mean, we're YOU nominated for a Golden Globes? Yea, I didn't think so either
I'm assuming we will get to see the Golden Globes tonight on Aussie TV which will be pointless because I'll know who all the winners are
Golden Globes Best Screenplay - Will win: Django Unchained, Wildcard: Argo
Why hasn't gangster squad been nominated for anything?
So I guess this means Tarantino won't win for Best Director.
ErrTime I see Quentin Tarantino I think of his foot fetish!! LMAO but congrats he needed to win it!
When Daniel Day Lewis is nominated for an award, does any other actor have a chance?
Tommy Lee Jones has just been nominated for best dramatic role during comedy at a musical or awards show.
So I guess Lucy and Debra both have proms to go to after this...?
Golden Globes Best Actor TV Series Comedy: Don Cheadle LOUIE WAS ROBBED
Louisck Got ROBBED!!!!
Leo just looks so sad...I bet he hates being nominated because he never wins....
Hey, Louisck please use this as an opportunity to write a hilarious episode that will next year get nominated for a
i wish i was famous to just go to the golden globes in an alexander mcqueen suit and just have a great night next to anne hathaway
Honestly, why wasn't Parenthood nominated for any Golden Globes? I'm pretty sure Monica Potter has made me cry during every episode.
 via Usatoday nominated for a movie award: "A Thousand Years" (Christina Perri). Love this song. :)
The Newsroom was nominated for Best Drama, and Mad Men wasn't. Adjust your rage meter accordingly.
Don Cheadle is the man but Louie Ck just got robbed
Lea Michelle presenting an award she will never be nominated for
Tami Taylor WAS ROBBED. AGAIN. She has better hair than all these women.
CONNIE BRITTON SHOULD HAVE WON.
it would have been perfect if mandy patinkin would have won too
Homeland sweeps everything they got nominated for tonight. Perhaps I'll try to watch this show
Claire Danes, of course. And again I'll say: Mandy was robbed.
Glenn Close was ROBBED!
Wondering why we didn't get nominated for "Sloth Meltdown."
The fact that one of my old acting coaches was in Lincoln & that its nominated for academy awards & golden globes, makes me so excited!
AMY POEHLER WILL WIN AND EVERYONE WILL BE HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!
Guessing is not as much fun when Homeland wins in every category it's nominated for.
Any show that has Morena Baccharin naked as often as Homeland needs to sweep every category they're nominated for.
Walking Dead, blame the outbreak on Arabs and you will win all the awards next year.
Apparently this HomeLand show is like awesome, it has to be; it's won like every award someone from it was nominated for
Walking Dead, blame the outbreak on Arabs and you will win all the awards next year.
Someone explain 2 me how Sho Shameless was not nominated for any Golden Globes? Especially Emmy Rossum & William H. Macy? Show is AWESOME!
Wow, Para Norman wasn't nominated for the Goldenglobes? I rage.
Processing tweet 50000, elapsed time: 1.3317830562591553
i was surprised paranorman wasnt nominated for the golden globes though
Brave beat out Wreck it Ralph. WTF! I guess it's going to win best animated movie at the Oscars too.
Why don't they just give Homeland every award it's nominated for and speed this show up?
I'm not watching the Golden Globes this year because Expendables 2 wasn't nominated for "Best Group of Bad Asses in a Motion Picture"
Yeah why didn't Richard Parker get nominated for anything tonight?
BOOOOO AMY POEHLER WAS ROBBED.
Even if Wreck It Ralph didn't win tonight, I cried that it was nominated for Golden Globes! Not gonna lie!
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" - 
3 of my heroes nominated for actress in a comedy and none of them win? Starting to think the golden globes are fixed
So, I guess Lena Dunham's win means I finally need to sit down and watch season 1 of Girls?
Least favorite dress was Kristen Bell. My boys said that Lucy Liu's flowered dress will win worst dressed award.
Love Lena but AMY WAS ROBBED AGAIN
Damien Francisco Was Robbed for Dog President  Vulture I saw this and thought of you
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up": Pressure's on Tina Fey and Amy... 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up": Pressure's on Tina Fey and Amy... 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up": Pressure's on Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. It was tim...
Naomi Watts excited to be nominated for The Impossible. Husband Liev Schreiber glad NHL is back! Golden Globes 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
EXCUSE YOU GOLDEN GLOBES BUT WRECK IT RALPH SHOULD HAVE WON FOR BEST ANIMATED FEATURE. I SHALL HAVE YOUR HEAD, JUDGES.
Jon Hamm looks upset he want nominated for Jodi Foster's lifetime achievement award.
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
How the hell was the newsroom nominated for anything?
You Tell Us: Who Will Win Big at the Golden Globes 
In other news, Eddie Redmayne somehow not nominated for his role as one of the salmon in Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Fun fact: Meryl Streep has been Nominated at the Oscars 17 Times. Won 3. Nominated for Golden Globes 23 times. Won 8. Most noms for both.
Jodie Foster's speech just got nominated for best Mini-series for next year's awards...
Processing tweet 60000, elapsed time: 1.5446860790252686
Ang Lee also nominated for Algebra teacher of the year
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME AND BEN AFFLECK WASN'T EVEN NOMINATED FOR AN OSCAR I'M DONE ACADEMY YOU FUCKING IDIOTS I'M DONE
Ben Affleck wasn't even nominated for the Best Director Oscar and just won the same award at the Golden Globes. But hey, good for him.
Wow Ben Affleck! Not even nominated for the Oscar. Very surprised.
Too bad Ben Affleck didn't get nominated for Best Director at the Academy Awards but congratz for the
Thank you Ben Affleck for not playing into the whole "Affleck was robbed!" business.
Best Director: Ben Affleck!! Goldenglobes good for you! this fix a little bit he not being nominated for an Academy Awards
Great to see Ben Affleck win this award! Argo was a great movie and he deserved to be nominated for an Oscar!
I'm kinda glad one of the directors not nominated for the Oscars won it.
The Oscars are so so stupid Ben Affleck was robbed of that nomination
Ben Affleck was NOT nominated for an Oscar, incredible.
How bad does it suck that Ben Affleck won Best Director and he's not even NOMINATED for an Oscar?
Ben Affleck has to work on his acceptance speeches - some time until he will win an academy award soon...
Ben beats Spielberg and Ang! Bittersweet that he didn't even get nominated for an Oscar, but nice consolation prize.
Ugh, it is such BS that Ben Affleck didn't get nominated for an Oscar. MFer!
The fact that The Big Bang Theory is nominated for anything makes me question this entire awards show.
Lainey Gossip Tanya Kim isn't it strange that Ben Affleck won best director in the Goldenglobes but wasn't nominated for the Oscars?
WHAT?!?!?!?! BIG BANG THEORY SHOULD HAVE WON!!! Stupid HBO shows. I hate you.
Still Kind of Dissapointed that "Cougar Town" wasn't Nominated for that.
Why is anything and anyone related to The Big Bang Theory being nominated for Golden Globes?
The fact that Ben Affleck was not nominated for best director for the Oscars is a travesty.
In between the last promo for Smash and Smash being nominated for Best Comedy, I forgot that Smash was a tv show.
The fact that he is not nominated for an Oscar is a inexcusable. Affleck is truly amazing.
Golden Globes Best Director winner Not even nominated for an Oscar. Sounds about right.
Community wasn't nominated for a Golden Globe in comedy television show therefore the Golden Globes mean nothing to me.
Why wasn't Magic Mike Nominated for BEST MOVIE?
Why isn't Glee nominated for the
RT Danielle Smith Tv AND BEN AFFLECK isn't even NOMINATED for an OSCAR
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up": Pressure's on Tina Fey and Amy... 
Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up" 
What?! Jack black was nominated for Bernie!? I was in that movie!!
Aahh who will win Best Actor?! Hoping for Daniel Day Lewis -- with Grooming by
I'm calling it right now: BRADLEY COOPER WAS ROBBED.
Once again, can someone tell me why Ben Affleck wasn't nominated for the Oscars
Watching for a nip slip during the Goldenglobes ... Don't know if we will get lucky this year. Even with our rewinds.
Oscars failed Ba Hjournalist Best Director > Ben Affleck "Argo" Anyone still confused as to why he wasn't nominated for Oscar?
Bill Murray is nominated for playing FDR and showed up with Chester A. Arthur's beard -- Classic Murray!
Whoa whoa I'm still behind. Smash was nominated for something? Seriously? Not as a joke?
Total crime Jack Black wasn't nominated for an Oscar.
"dang im surprised harry styles didnt get nominated for his breakout role on icarly". HAHAHAAHHA
 Tina Fey & Amy Poehler on Hosting Golden Globes: "People Should Get Liquored Up": Pressure's... 
All these movie that i wanted to see that are nominated for golden globes
I'm pretty sure les miserables is nominated for EVERYTHING
I've never seen any of the shows nominated for best comedy
Personally, I think it is OKAY to forget people
How exactly do you have a Best Comedy category without "Ted" Golden Globes Seth Mac Farlane was robbed!
Interesting that both winning films (Argo & Les Miserables) were directed by people who were not nominated for Oscars.
seeing as Silver Linings Playbook has been nominated for like 8 different Golden Globes, definitely finding a way to watch it online tonight
Was Samantha Barks not nominated for anything?
Of the 5 films nominated for best motion pic (comedy/musical), only TWO were screened here Let's hope we get the rest, too.
And there is no way in hell that Jennifer Lawrence will win the Oscar over Jessica Chastain. Thank fucking god.
Processing tweet 70000, elapsed time: 1.8841302394866943
This Golden Globes makes me feel like 2012 was a crap year for movies... Why wasn't Anna Karenina nominated for more awards?
Chastain was good, but Cotillard was stunning, and she's gonna get robbed all season long.
Big steps forward for Hollywood. FIVE women nominated for Best Actress - Musical or Comedy.
OMG you guys I wonder who will win this?!
Behind the glitz and glamour of the films and TV shows nominated for Golden Globes are incredible teams of... 
I'm also upset that "The Dark Night Rises" didn't get nominated for a Golden Globes. Pittsburgh gets screwed again.
Denzel Washington was nominated for FLIGHT, written by Arlington/Vassar grad John Gatins.
Knew Daniel Day Lewis was going to win but if Joaquin Phoenix would have won it would've been just. He acted his ass off!
Anybody know how often the Golden Globes Best Director isn't even nominated for an Oscar? I wanna know those stats...
Can we stop pretending anyone else will win when Daniel Day Lewis is nominated for anything?
Skyfall. Yes. Should have been nominated for best picture. The Brits (even the AngloIrish) understand this.
RT: Huff Post Ent Your winner for Best Actor Drama, Daniel Day-Lewis because he will win all the awards. Golden Globes 
Daniel Day-Lewis has been nominated for 5 Oscars & won twice before. This is his second Golden Globes win 
Golden Globes Best Drama Picture - Will win: Argo, I want to win: Life of Pi, Wildcard: Lincoln
I'm behind on the Golden Globes but...Benedict Cumberbatch got robbed but Kevin Costner's speech was pretty touching.
Lincoln was boring. Should have gone to my man John Hawkes.
Goldenglobes is trash, how Santa Clause not nominated for ANYTHING? did more films and tv shows this year than all these clowns
Jack Reacher was ROBBED... before shooting. It had nothing to do with it being terrible.
It makes me so happy when movies like Django Unchained get nominated for Best Picture
So why is P diddy at the golden globes? Did he get nominated for his ciroc commercial?
Argo wins, Ben Affleck wins, and he is not nominated for an Oscar...hmmmm
Not to shabby Golden Globes! I think all winners were well deserving of their wins tonight!
Around the 12 minute mark of Argo, I said, "This will win best picture at the Oscars." I'd like to put money on it now.
Everyone's acting so paternalistic toward Ben Affleck after not being nominated for oscar. Gag me with a Q-tip.
Watched the Golden Globes tonight. Congrats to Ben Affleck, just wished he was nominated for an Oscar though.
The End. Roll credits. The Golden Globes are nominated for an Emmy for best variety show.
How bizarre that Ben Affleck wins a Golden Globe but didn't even get nominated for an Oscar!
Big wins for Argo and Ben Affleck tonight at the Golden Globes! Still in shock he's not nominated for Directing at the
So help me to understand, was Jamie & Kerry not nominated for anything?? Smh
Wasted a couple hours of my time watching the golden globes Will go to sleep now Tomorrow will be a LONG DAY
If Ncis Cbs or Mark Harmon isn't nominated for an awards show, then I won't watch it.
How many Golden Globes was Twilight 4.2 Breaking Dawn nominated for? Must've missed those categories...
What I want to know is why horror movies are never nominated for anything!!!!
Aw I hope I reach a point in my life where I get invited to the golden globes. Or Emmy awards. Or sag awards. Atleast once lol
The only way I will get my students to stop talking about the Golden Globes will be to discuss it with them in class
Australian Open is NOW live. Cam'on Djokovic, I know you will win this! Still glued to
How was Dog With A Blog not nominated for a
We're not Tweeting about the Golden Globes. We're writing Rock songs that will win Grammies, so we can not tweet about that either. Booyah!
You Tell Us: Who Will Win Big at the Golden Globes  We also want to know! 
Clooney says he's disappointed Affleck didn't get nominated for a directing Oscar
Bradley Cooper & 'Silver Linings Playbook'.....you was robbed!!!!!
Ben Affleck Congratulations Mr. Affleck for Best Director in a motion picture drama! I hope this win makes up for the Oscar.
Ugh I wish I could watch the golden globes instead of studying. But congrats to LES MISERABLES for the big win!! Woot! Woot!
I bet food at big events like the golden globes is so good maybe ill get famous just for that hm
I think Julianne Moore just admitted she planned to beat her children if she didn't win.
I think they have Maggie Smith win on every award show so to shorten the runtime.
Processing tweet 80000, elapsed time: 2.208294153213501
I bet Bill Clinton is going to win a Golden Globe for his DNC speech Golden Globes now that'd be a
I think its funny when they play that get off the stage yo speech to long music
I think I should write a song for the next hunger games film so I can win a Golden Globes, I'll call it "pass the butter o wait were 2 poor"
I bet Spike Lee is mad about all of these Django Unchained wins.
I hope this Target "The Everyday Collection" campaign is short-lived.
I think I need to get HBO so I know what some of these shows are.
I think we can all agree, Tina Fey/Amy Poehler deserve to host all award shows ever & get their own 24 hour tv channel.
I think we all forget that Jodie Foster had 4 really good movies.
I think the later the evening gets, the more drunk they are at the Goldenglobes.
I think I've already seen Lena Dunham win all these awards in a dream I had. Talented young lady.
I hope SilverLiningsPlaybook wins.. At least the Eagles would have had a hand in winning SOMETHING!!
I hope that Silver Linings Playbook wins, That was an awesome movie!!
I think we all knew Hugh was gonna win that one...
I think I'm going to go watch the Golden Globes now. No one tells me what happens... Or shhh! Haha. ;)I betcha someone wins something tho...
I hope Zero Dark Thrity Wins!!!
I think we all knew Les Mis was going to win.
I hope this means that Anne Hathaway, Hugh Jackman, and Les Mis will all win the Oscar.
I think it's safe to say that either Argo or Lincoln will win BMP - Drama.
I think we all knew Daniel Day Lewis was going to win...
I think all the actors thought that if they wore bowties they would win because of
I think the real award goes to the double sided tape that kept all those Golden Globes in check all night.
I love the Golden globes and the oscars, it's my dream more than anything to be nominated for one of these awards
I believe in you Leo..one day you will win
I say Argo or Silver Linings will win Drama
I haven't seen Homeland, but I feel that Damian Lewis was robbed for Band of Brothers so I like this.
I like Homeland, but Downton Abbey should have won.
I have a good feeling Les Mis will win best pic!!!
I can't watch the Golden Globes :c no TV. Are the boys nominated for anything? And if so what? o:
I wish a night out for me was to go to the Golden Globes!!
I like Kevin but Benedict Cumberbatch totes should have won!!!!
I know it's more than likely that SLP will win for Best Comedy but I really want Moonrise Kingdom to win something
I wish Grey's Anatomy would still be nominated for Golden Globes
I will see NONE of the movies nominated for Best Actress. NONE.
I personally feel that Sally Field should have won for her role as Miranda Hillard in Mrs. Doubtfire!
I didn't even know who was nominated for golden globes.... Shows how much I pay attention.
I wish people would just say "thanks to everyone" and then walk off the stage at the golden globes. It gets ridiculous sometimes.
I wonder if Value Village will win Best Costume Design for Argo?
I HOPE ALEC BALDWIN WINS BECAUSE I LOVE HIM AND HE'S IN SYRACUSE WITH HIS MOM RIGHT NOW.
I haven't seen any of the movies that are nominated for golden globes sigh this happens every year
I wish I was famous so I could dress up all fancy and go to the golden globes and other award shows
I am so pumped for Homeland's many awards, but man, Mandy Patinkin was robbed! (Also, hello beard.)
I loveddd The Life Of Pi!!! Prob won't but I hope it wins!
I will NEVER be ok with the fact that Bethany Joy Lenz isn't nominated for Season 9 of Oth. Definition of flawlessness.
I still don't understand how Aziz is nominated for an NAACP award.
I wish I was an actress and go to the golden globes.
I didn't even think half these tv shows or movies would be nominated for the golden globes.
I haven't seen Homeland OR Golden Globes and I prefer to watch shows and the awards shows they're nominated for sequentially! Nospoilers!!
I don't get why sons of anarchy isn't nominated for any awards. They deserve some recognition.
I mean is she trying to be nominated for an Oscar for beat supporting speech on the Golden Globes?!
I haven't seen Argo, but I can tell Ben Affleck was robbed for that Oscar nomination.
I still don't understand why he wasn't nominated for director for the oscars
I swear if I bet on these Golden Globes I would have won big. Well done
I wish Girls / Lena Dunham was nominated for everything so Robyn would keep playing.
I wonder if Netflix original series' can be nominated for Golden Globes and Emmys
I am kind of disgusted that Emily VanCamp (Emily Van Camp - Emily Thorne) has not been nominated for her role in
I wonder how many Golden Globes Justinbieber will win tonight.
I love Hugh Jackman but Bradley Cooper was robbed!
I love musicals but I was hoping silver linings would have won that one
I haven't seen all of Zero Dark Thirty so I guess the scenes that won these awards are the ones I didn't get to, right?
I wish I was famous so I could dress up and go to award shows.
I love Tina & Amy and I hope they get to host the golden globes next year and the year after that AND the year after that
I didn't watch their bit live, but Kristin and Will win everything.
