b'Coming up next...Robert Downey Jr. presents the Cecil B. DeMille Award to the MILFtastic (and I mean it) Jodie Foster Goldenglobes'
b"Congrats! Yale alumna Jodie Foster '85 receives Cecil B. DeMille Award, highest honor of Golden Globes "
b"Jodie Foster receives the Golden Globes' Cecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globes"
b'When I was a kid, you stayed up late to see the Cecil B. DeMille Award just to see video of an old person. Not anymore. Golden Globes'
b'Gg2013 Golden Globes Cecil B. DeMille Award remis par Robert Downey Jr. a la comedienne Jodie Foster. Congratulations !'
b"Cecil B. DeMille Award (Lifetime Achievement) goes to Jodie Foster. What's your favorite Jodie Foster movie? Goldenglobes"
b'RDJ presenting Cecil B. DeMille award to Jodie Foster: awesomeness overload. Goldenglobes'
b"Already anticipating Selena Gomez's acceptance speech of the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the 2033 Golden Globes."
b'Golden Globes Cecil B. DeMille Award: Jodie Foster'
b'Cecil B. DeMille Award presented to Jodie Foster  Golden Globes'
b'Jodie Foster gets the Cecil B. DeMille award Golden Globes'
b"Jodie Foster is bloooooming. 2 oscars and 2 golden globes?!?! That's insane. She deserves the Cecil B. DeMille Award. <3 Golden Globes"
b'WOW! Jodie Foster for the Cecil B. DeMille award at the Golden Globes! Congrats'
b'"Be the hero of your own life story!" Cecil B. Demille award presented to Jodie Foster. Golden Globes'
b'"Tonight I feel like a prom queen!" - Cecil B. DeMille Award Winner Jodie Foster Golden Globes'
b'Congrats Jodie Foster for winning the Cecil B. Demille award!! Jodiefoster Golden Globes'
b"Jodie Foster was honored tonight at the Golden Globes and took home the Cecil B. DeMille Award (which I've never... "
b'Jodie Foster is honoured with the Cecil B. DeMille Award for Lifetime Achievement. Golden Globes'
b'Jodi Foster is a bit young for the Cecil B. Demille award, but DAMN she looks good!!! Goldenglobes G Gexp'
b'Poderia ser pior, mas podia ser bem melhor esse Cecil B. Demille Award, hein HFPA? Golden Globes'
b'Jodie Foster receives Cecil B. DeMille Award. Reminder of her awesomeness. Golden Globes'
b'Jodie Foster receives Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in motion pictures Golden Globes'
b'When you can get half the crowd in Golden Globes to tear up, you are so very deserving of the Cecil B. DeMille award.'
b'Video: thatcrazystupidlove: Jodie Foster accepting the Cecil B. DeMille award at the Golden Globes '
b'The Cecil B. DeMille Award - Jodie Foster - Zimbio '
b'Video: thatcrazystupidlove: Jodie Foster accepting the Cecil B. DeMille award at the Golden Globes '
b'thatcrazystupidlove: Jodie Foster accepting the Cecil B. DeMille award at the Golden Globes '
b"Can't wait for next year when Chris Tucker wins the Cecil B. DeMille award. Golden Globes"
b'Photo: Backstage with Cecil B. DeMille Award recipient Jodie Foster! - Goldenglobes- Webstagram '
b'Jodie Foster said it wasn\'t a "coming out" speech, but after receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime a... '
b"Jodie Foster's Stirring Golden Globes Speech: 'I Already Did My Coming Out a Thousand Years Ago': The Cecil B. DeMille Award winner t..."
b"Jodie Foster's Stirring Golden Globes Speech: 'I Already Did My Coming Out a Thousand Years Ago': The Cecil B. DeMille Award winner t..."
